com/example/briskdelivery/User.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.User
com/example/briskdelivery/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.SecondFragment
 com.example.briskdelivery.SecondFragment$1
com/example/briskdelivery/Restaurant.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Restaurant
com/example/briskdelivery/Orders.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Orders
com/example/briskdelivery/MenuAdapter.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.MenuAdapter
com/example/briskdelivery/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.FirstFragment
 com.example.briskdelivery.FirstFragment$1
com/example/briskdelivery/Options.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Options
com/example/briskdelivery/PaymentDetails.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.PaymentDetails
com/example/briskdelivery/ImageAdapter.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.ImageAdapter
com/example/briskdelivery/Menu.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Menu
 com.example.briskdelivery.Menu$1
com/example/briskdelivery/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.BuildConfig
com/example/briskdelivery/History.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.History
 com.example.briskdelivery.History$1
com/example/briskdelivery/OrderDetail.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.OrderDetail
com/example/briskdelivery/RestaurantList.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.RestaurantList
 com.example.briskdelivery.RestaurantList$1
com/example/briskdelivery/Item.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Item
com/example/briskdelivery/Invite.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Invite
com/example/briskdelivery/Login.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Login
com/example/briskdelivery/Dish.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Dish
com/example/briskdelivery/MenuDish.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.MenuDish
com/example/briskdelivery/Signup.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Signup
com/example/briskdelivery/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.DatabaseHelper
Config/Config.java
 Config.Config
com/example/briskdelivery/Checkout.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Checkout
 com.example.briskdelivery.Checkout$1
com/example/briskdelivery/MainActivity.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.MainActivity
 com.example.briskdelivery.MainActivity$1
com/example/briskdelivery/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.ProfileActivity
 com.example.briskdelivery.ProfileActivity$1
 com.example.briskdelivery.ProfileActivity$1$1
 com.example.briskdelivery.ProfileActivity$2
com/example/briskdelivery/Account.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Account
