com/example/briskdelivery/User.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.User
com/example/briskdelivery/History.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.History
com/example/briskdelivery/Restaurant.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Restaurant
com/example/briskdelivery/Orders.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Orders
com/example/briskdelivery/OrderDetail.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.OrderDetail
com/example/briskdelivery/RestaurantList.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.RestaurantList
com/example/briskdelivery/Item.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Item
com/example/briskdelivery/MenuAdapter.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.MenuAdapter
com/example/briskdelivery/Dish.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Dish
com/example/briskdelivery/MenuDish.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.MenuDish
com/example/briskdelivery/Buttons.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Buttons
com/example/briskdelivery/MainActivity.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.MainActivity
 com.example.briskdelivery.MainActivity$1
com/example/briskdelivery/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.ProfileActivity
Config/Config.java
 Config.Config
com/example/briskdelivery/HistoryAdapter.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.HistoryAdapter
com/example/briskdelivery/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.MapsActivity
com/example/briskdelivery/ImageAdapter.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.ImageAdapter
com/example/briskdelivery/Checkout.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Checkout
 com.example.briskdelivery.Checkout$1
com/example/briskdelivery/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.BuildConfig
com/example/briskdelivery/Menu.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.Menu
com/example/briskdelivery/PaymentDetails.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.PaymentDetails
com/example/briskdelivery/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.briskdelivery.DatabaseHelper
